# Meeting Simon

- I think we should focus on classification then? Might be simplest to start with
- Notebook 4 did not work.
- I still need to get to work on your notebooks (I plan to do 2-3 by next week)
- Here is the preliminary ToC
- Are we employing SSL or semi-supervised learning?

**Goal by next week:**
- Play with the dataset
- Read more papers and create better summaries
- Do some notebooks (maybe the one involving SSL)
- Look into code structure for FedSSL to learn.
- Write some on thesis


1. Abstract
2. Introduction
	-Motivation
	-Contributions
	-Research Questions
3. Background & Related Work
	-Biosignals & ECG
	-Self-Supervised Learning (SSL) / Semi-Supervised Learning (SSL or Semi-SL)
	-Federated Learning (FL)
		-Aggregation Methods
		-Core Challenges (Non-IID Data, Communication, etc.)
		-Security & Privacy (Briefly, since it's not the focus)
4. Methodology
	-Problem Definition
	-Proposed Framework
	-Experimental Setup
		-Dataset (PTB-XL)
		-Implementation Details
		-Baselines (ResNet-Centralized, FedAvg)
5. Results & Discussion
	-Performance Comparison (top-1 accuracy comparison)
	-Impact of SSL/Semi-SL on FL
	-Challenges & Limitations
6. Conclusion & Future Work
	-Summary of Findings
	-Future Directions

*Main RQ*
How does a hybrid approach of semi-supervised learning and federated learning compare to traditional FL and centralized models in the healthcare sector in terms of performance, communication efficiency, privacy protection, and robustness to data heterogeneity and label scarceness?

*RQs*
How does the number of participating devices affect the convergence and performance of a federated SSL model for ECG classification?

How does the model react to a label scarcity?

What is the effect of data heterogeneity (IID vs. non-IID) on the performance of a federated SSL model for ECG classification?

"We want to investigate the impact of various params, specifically to evaluate the efficiency of the model in the non-iid case." from FedECG


Notes: 
- Start with the FedECG paper and implement that.
## Next steps for the research
- After having analysed; do I want to develop my own thing?
 - which aggregating algorithm? This could depend on the number of devices or so, maybe a clustering approach?

OODD out of distribution detection
create embedding from all data, send to local devices and let them minimize their loss based on this.
but then we need labels at global model.


global simCLR, use clusters

Clusters at global model, and use gaussian probabilities for classification + uncertainity

- How to align local and global space if their model are different? Local models should be smaller than global model as they should run easier. Use knowledge distillation approaches

- FedECG is nice starting point, already made. --> Research again
	Can we lift some of their restrictions?
	can we optimize some of their approaches?
	Can we improve fine tuning? they use a lot labelled data. Can we optimize this?

Possible modifications: State-space models, diff class of NN. They seem to work well on this same data as transformers

For researching papers: *NotebookLM*
	Ai for papers. Uses citations for answers

For the thesis it might be interesting to say we are making a Proof of Concept (PoC) in the introduction. Then we can show options to improve our PoC. We have to then show that it works aswell.

Next steps:
Implement
do more research
write

